Add docs for execute, prove and verify, update docs (#2036)
software-mansion/scarb: website/docs/extensions/prove-and-verify.md

# Proving and verifying execution

> [!WARNING]
> Soundness of the proof is not yet guaranteed by Stwo, use at your own risk!

> [!WARNING]
> The prover is not available on Windows. Sorry for your inconvenience.

> [!WARNING]
> The `stwo-cairo` prover can be significantly slower when used through Scarb.
> See [performance](#Performance) section.

Scarb integrates the [`stwo-cairo` prover](https://github.com/starkware-libs/stwo-cairo) which can be used through `scarb prove`
and `scarb verify` commands.

## Proving Cairo execution

Only packages defining the [executable target](../reference/targets.md/#Executable-target) can be proven.
To prove the execution, you need to run the `scarb execute` command first, which will save execution information under the `target/execute/<target name>` directory.
For each execution, a new output directory will be created, with consecutive number as names (e.g. `execution1`, `execution2`, ...).
To clean the target directory, you can use the `scarb clean` command.

To prove the execution, you can run:

```shell

> scarb prove --execution_id <index of the relevant execution>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scarb prove --execution-id <index of the relevant execution>
```

```

You can also run `scarb prove` with the `--execute` flag, which will run the `scarb execute` command automatically

> before proving the execution for you.

Reviewer: Should we also document the following?
- Prover args (`--track-relations`, `--display-components`)
- Availability of execute args, with link to `execute` docs, when running `scarb prove` with `--execute` flag

Author: > Prover args (--track-relations, --display-components)

I will skip them for now, as it's not clear to me what we would want to write about it here. We can link to some stwo docs if they have them.

Reviewer: They don't have any docs ATM, so I suppose you're right, these can be skipped

The proof for the trace files inside the execution folder will be generated, and a `proof.json` file will be placed inside the execution directory.

> To verify the proof, you can run:
> 
> ```shell
> scarb verify <path to proof json file>
> ```

Reviewer: I think we should put into separate section:
````suggestion
## Verifying Cairo proof

To verify the proof, you can run:

```shell
scarb verify <path to proof json file>
```
````

## Performance

The `stwo-cairo` prover can highly benefit from platform specific optimizations, that are not available when Scarb
is run from a precompiled binary.
For the best performance, it is recommended to build `scarb-prove` and `scarb-verify` crates from source,

> with following compilation flags: `RUSTFLAGS="-C target-cpu=native -C opt-level=3" --features="std"`.

Reviewer: I know this is probably going to be used by experienced users only, maybe we should specify that updating local bin with newly built binaries is necessary?

> For production use, it is recommended to use the `stwo-cairo` prover directly.

Reviewer: Just to be sure: does that mean manual builds as specified above, or not using `scarb prove` and `scarb verify` altogether? 🤔
